I already got a call from a lady saying that she'd received your recommendation
from me from FTD.
Pacesetter, right?
And Pacesetter is one of the ones that I had set up and applied to before and
just never heard anything from.
It's like, you fill everything out and then it's just a big nothing, right?
But I think it was like the day after I got my results, she called me. We had a good
30-minute conversation.
Now, they've done a background check and I'm on their active roster, so that was
impressive.
I did hear from TheBest Claims, another one that I had applied and heard
nothing from,
but the same day that I heard from a Pacesetter, I heard from a recruiter for
them.
And then just last night, somebody from Hausch & Co. reached out and asked
if I was interested in working for them doing dailies in Alabama.
And I got a claim this morning in my email before their onboarding paperwork
showed up in my email.
I was researching it for probably three or four months before I signed up for
Fast Track.
And I knew there was a whole bunch of information that I was missing.
I decided, yeah, if I was going to do this on my own, it was going to take a
significant amount of time.
I needed to go ahead and pay for training.
It filled in the gaps because you presented a logical step-by-step way
to actually get started and do the job.
It would have taken me a lot longer to gain the knowledge and figure things out
.
I don't have any doubts.
Everything in FTD was absolutely relevant.
Really appreciate what you do for newbies coming into the industry.
It's been very helpful. Definitely, definitely worth it.